Seryl Audio
Bonjour and bonsoir mademoiselle
Welcome once again to Meltdown Comics in Hollywood, California
Harbin Town is now in session
While we're at it, let's welcome to the stage the mayor of Harbin Town, Dan Harbin
Thank you
Nothing really to talk about tonight
Very busy, very sleepy
We're working on this G.I. Joe cartoon
Wasn't it supposed to be turned in several months ago?
Well, it airs Thursday
Are you still making it?
We're just got a couple more G.I. Joe's to draw
Wait, so you have an animated episode of Community
That is, when was that supposed to be like a properly functioning studio network driven universe?
When was that supposed to be in?
I don't know, months ago
Months ago?
Well, you said that
Now you're shocked by it
Wasn't that supposed to be done months ago?
I don't know, months ago
I don't know what that means
We're putting on a show here, Dan
I'm trying to involve these people and the crisis that is your life right now
Well, I don't know, I just don't, I don't do time
I'm not good with dates and things
And certainly it's all my fault
What time was your show air?
Eight o'clock
He does that time
It's all my fault because I took too long to write the script and all this stuff
So Schrab's kind of doing his Schrab thing and he's being an asshole
It's like saying stuff on Twitter implying I should be there instead of being here
If I went out to go do wedding plans with Aaron and then Rob was tweeting
Hope you're having fun while I'm over here animating this and stuff
So today I
Oh, sweet
You don't have this on your iPad, do you?
I might have it in my mail, do you want me to try to open it in there?
Will it then play on their speakers better?
Let's see if I have my mail
So today I went over and one of the last things I had to do was record the vocals for the G.I. Joe theme
We had Jonathan Kimmel, who's Jimmy's brother, who actually we used him for some vocal stuff on the Sarah Silverman show back in the day
And he's a great singer and he's particularly good at this G.I. Joe register for that well-known theme song
I have a question about it, but before we play it, is that so close that you guys are in jeopardy of copyright infringement?
No, it's with their permission, Hasbro's been very cooperative
Because it's the melody
It's the absolute song
Yeah, we're caught, it's G.I. Joe
So I just did some alternate lyrics, I think we're allowed to play this because it's like fair use or parody or something, right?
I don't know
Our show? I play the Beatles and shit, man
Yeah, I mean, it's a podcast, let's hope we squeak by
I mean, we're not going to make any money off of this or steal any money from it
What would the season desist be? Stop doing that next week?
It's being leaked, it's like the Chevy voicemails, it's a leak
Okay
I don't know who's doing this
TMZ, get your camera set, right?
So I didn't even listen to the regular lyrics of the theme song, because that's what people really want to hear
But I ran in with the, I was like, can you do one more take and just do these alternate lyrics so I can bring them back to the office to Schrab
So this is punishing Rob Schrab.who's dutifully directing the episode that you turned in too late
And he's working around the clock
He'll never be nice, he's always mean, eating his own poop and drinking his pee
Strawbass hole, strawbass hole is there
Strawbass hole is the code name for America's biggest dumbest poop-eating asshole
His purpose? To tweet mean things at Dan Harmon, a TV writer determined to entertain nice people
I also suspect he hits his wife
He makes you feel bad when you write a script late, strawbass asshole, strawbass hole, strawbass hole
Little unfair, but it's a good song
It's accurate, he gets close to it deadline and then he's like, oh I hate you, I hate you for not turning the script on time or whatever
Makes him feel better, gets him going
You know what's not healthy for me is a satisfied confident Schrab that feels sorry for me or is loyal to me
That's dangerous, him running around out there, I don't know
Why is that?
I don't know, he's a devious guy
You know, remember when Sarah fired me?
Yeah
He kept working there
Is that what this is about?
Don't bury the lead man
There's always a little of that underneath everything
You guys used to be inseparable best friends, you're not as close as you obviously were
What do you mean?
No, we had a year where we were actually not talking to each other, we were actually mad
In the wake of the Sarah thing, I actually spent a year not liking him and stuff for real
But then we made up, when Mike Ash died, Channel 101
We were at a memorial service for a guy who ended his life doing Channel 101 and it just felt like we're both there
And it just felt knobbish to continue to not like each other, kind of made up there
Put it in your biopic
And then you wrote that song today
Alright, I don't have anything, in pop culture news
I smell Bieber rant
That was a goodie by the way
The new thing now, Jeff, is hashtags, you can use hashtags to cancel TV shows for being racist
You can pick which show you think is racist and you can hashtag cancel in the name of the show
And then voila, racism will go away
Comedy will become incredibly sophisticated
The whole species will become smarter because obviously people that do that are already for really smart material to go into their heads
We're clearly at peak IQ as a nation here
Yeah, it's just a new thing
Do you have a for instance hashtag on your mind right now?
I would like to submit hashtag cancel Teen Wolf, I think Teen Wolf's racist
Mondays at 1030
You know I created that show
Aren't you racist?
It's racist as the day is long
So please watch me
Jeff Bryan Davis, not the creator of Teen Wolf
People still are convinced that I created the goddamn show
But I have never seen nor would under any fucking circumstance
Every time I tell people that, I get more Teen Wolf followers
And for some reason, in Portuguese
I did a series of tweets again about how I didn't create it but I started doing TNA
I'm getting ahead of myself
Teen Wolf Q&A, or as I call it, TNA
Because my time is very valuable
I answer questions about Teen Wolf as me
But people think that I am Jeff Davis, creator of Criminal Minds and Teen Wolf
And I just keep saying what a racist I am
So cancel Teen Wolf and watch Rick and Morty on Mondays at 1030 instead
That's my secret agenda
Teen Wolf is the only show that gets higher ratings than Rick and Morty in our time slot
Is that right?
That's unfair
I think I've made it pretty clear
I'm not too hip to the modern TV shows and music and stuff like that
I fucking love Rick and Morty
I watched it last week and I texted you about it, which I don't really do
That show delights me
It makes me very happy
Nice
It's a good show
It's really...
It's good
And I think I can say that objectively
And subtract my friendship with you and knowing Justin and knowing everybody involved with it
I think I would like that show in a vacuum just as much
Like Futurama, I've watched those, never did it
There's other animated shows, this is fucking good
I never really watched Futurama, I heard it was really good
I should go back and start watching it
I'm sure it is, I never got off the ground for it
Okay, so I wanted to bring out some special friends and have a special show tonight
Because we're going to take a little break for April
I had a little chance, I got a lot of shit going on
That's not really why, I can be busy and keep doing Harmontowns
And I'll miss it as soon as we don't do it for a week
But we're just going to take April off
Because it's a show that never takes a hiatus
Is it because Game of Thrones is also on Sunday?
No
And then there's people tweeting, oh shit, I'm coming in from Australia
And I'm like okay, I'll have a drink with you
And then someone else says, I'm coming in from Texas
I'm going to have a busier month because I'm taking it off
But I also just realized Aaron and I are now scheduling a trip to go to Cancun at some point
And I think that might overlap with the arrival of Levi
Remember Levi with the bare feet in the business?
How could I forget?
He's coming up here, and then I saw that and I was like, well that guy's not going to take
Go to Cancun with Levi, take Levi to Cancun, it's built for bare feet
I feel like as long as the boat that's hitched to my car has at least one axle
Levi will figure out a way to come down there
Cape Fear reference
Wow
Okay, I have, Jesus
Is that Robert Mitchum or?
Well I was referencing the De Niro movie
Someone said both I think maybe, I never saw the Mitchum one
What a sizzler this tonight's show is
Not that it's our job to sizzle, I don't know
We're a sizzler
I think iTunes called us the most notable sizzlers
Are we on sizzle?
I don't have a lot of time
You don't have a lot of money?
Sizzler
So in what order should we bring people up?
I say in alphabetical
I say first, is Duncan here yet?
Okay
Spoiler
Yeah
Well first let's bring out Kumail then
Hello
Sorry, thank you for nailing that
I have to say the iPad's been a little spotted today
I've got to say I've had that
Because I was at Star Burns earlier today for some other thing
And you played me that song
It's been stuck in my head
It's really catchy
If you see Rob on the street or something really
He'd really appreciate you
That's why I emailed it to his wife and all his friends
I've actually been doing fake lyrics to that melody all day
Like cheddar cheese
Favorite cheese on the sandwich
Cheddar cheese is there
It was so funny because you played it for me
And Schrab was there
And he's so good at that
Where he's like, oh come on guys
Please, no, come on
It was so funny to see his face
As we're listening to this
He loves being the victim
You remember when he comes on the show
It's really fun to make fun of him
It really is
He makes it really fun
He does
He says stop doing it
Are your parents still in town?
Mine?
Yeah
My parents in law
What do you say?
I was following your Instagrams
And I thought it was like your parents
You thought I had white parents?
Are you not paying attention at all?
There were no photos
I didn't see photos of your parents
There was just like captions that said
Like my mom taking a picture of a thing
Oh yeah, that was Emily's mom
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yes, they are still in town
Emily's wife?
Yeah dude
I scored
Lucky devil
We don't see race at Harmontown
Harmontown is
Yes, we fucking do
Harmontown is a race-free zone
Which sounds bad
Yeah
Only one race allowed
No races
I think if you go back
and listen to all the Harmontowns
I think that statement will stand up
I obsess about race
because the rest of society
gets tangled in it, falters in it
I who see human beings as beacons of light
Try to study
You're about to say the most racist thing yet
Beacons of light
He means white people
Beacons of light with different accents
Yeah, that cancel thing was really bugging me too
because it was Colbert and SNL were the two ones
and it was for race stuff
I invite people's
decision to start pushing comedy
to be more sophisticated
You don't do that by cancelling shows
and you don't cancel shows with hashtags
What is the hashtag?
Hashtag cancel it racist?
No, it's cancel
You're terrible at coming up with hashtags
It's gotta be quick buddy
Gotta be snappy
We only got 140 characters
Get to it
What is the hashtag?
Cancel it racist
Another hashtag
Cancel Colbert
and cancel SNL are the two hashtags
that I think Dan was before
Why is race built into that hashtag?
Well, it's not
It's just two things in a row happen
where the Twitter account for Colbert
Which is not run by the writers
Yeah, but also whatever
There was a joke on there that was
the first free joke in 20 years
that that show's been at a Twitter account
I don't know what the joke was
but it really doesn't matter
It was sort of interpreted as
I know what the joke was
and it was just a quote from the show
the night before
and it was taken out of context
and quoted
and the point of it was
the owner of the Redskins
they're like
sort of you know how Colbert does
so it's like yeah, he's right
he should have a racist whatever
he's helping him
and then it said
in the show he says like
and we have the
I'm gonna feel horrible
saying it
but it's like
we'll have the Qingchang Bingbong Foundation
to help Asian Americans
that was what
Hashtag cancel Kumail Nanjiani
I can't be racist, I'm not white
That's racist
No, it's not
Yes it is
No
Kumail, I'm white
if I say it's racist, I'm right
Fuck
That's right
So something like that
even if you don't
You've learned nothing
Yeah
Even if you don't think the joke is funny
you at least get what they're going for
and it's not clearly something
Yeah, it's called satire
which is lost on 95% of humanity
And especially a new emerging
group of people
I hate to shake my Gen X cane again
but it's just like
did we go through
some kind of censorship war
that we
so we understand
that it's always a bad idea
to start telling people
what's right and wrong
to say for free on the internet
but also what I hate is
so when this was happening
there were people sort of defending Colbert
and there were so many people being like
oh you're white
you don't get to talk about this
No, everybody gets to talk about it
Right?
And also comedy doesn't suffer
any discussion at all
and it doesn't
And how much comedy
or how much brilliant fucking
sophisticated comedy is going to come out
of these
arbiters of comedy
like these are the most joyless fucking people
in the world
what are they going to replace
bad jokes with
they're not going to replace them with good ones
no
they're not like
like Sudoku?
what are we going to
because they don't seem like
bright people to me
it doesn't seem like
like if you can't
if you don't understand
ha ha ha ha
I understand not
you guys cut that too right
I understand if you
if you get a
I wish there was a way to describe this
like an ironic
ironic racial humor
where it's like
oh I'm using the boomerang
the wrong way on purpose
blah blah blah
like racially
the
boomerang?
is this about
the audience has gone down too?
yeah
you're going to just take every race down
we're all beacons of light
but some are less bright than others
but honestly
the charge seems to be led by people who
actually
we're not even talking about the greatest
jokes in the world
and then we're talking about people who
actually don't seem to get them
yes exactly
like who actually
who actually parse language
in a joke
word for word
and like a spell check
like see a word
that they then connect a dot
to offensiveness with
and then categorize the joke as
therefore offensive
actually not getting the joke
and I'm not saying
so we're used to saying
if you don't get the joke
then that means that the joke is so much more
sophisticated than you
now we're talking about knock-knock jokes
that people aren't getting
because they involve race
it's like knock-knock who's there
black guy black guy who
hey I'm sorry I'm late
because the black people time stereotype
cancel Dan Harmon
like
like that's
that's a bad dumb
unsophisticated joke
just let them
let them stop getting laughs
like they're
it's not really not hurting anybody
it's not
and this idea that the television is going to
somehow
like you're going to
we're going to control television
and make ourselves
less racist
because then the things
that we watch on the magic box
won't make us racist anymore
this is just all these racist people
are just going to go outside
and make the outdoors racist
if there's nothing racist
to watch on TV anymore
they're just going to
I mean isn't the problem that
your neighbor is secretly racist
and he's just like
watching Big Bang Theory
and going yeah I got that
I hate Jews
I mean don't you want
that guy glued to the tube
like do you want him in the woods
yeah
you don't want him out there
buying crosses and matches
and isn't there actual
racism happening somewhere
real racism
like actual ethnic cleansing
where someone goes up to a race
and says
me no like your race
because your race bad
and me want to eliminate
very problematic
Japanese, Australian
I was now the Chinese
is anybody saying
that was a caveman
not an Asian
you guys are racist
again
oh I can't be racist
he was a good killer bear
long time
see now
okay so there you go
there's the
so we're in this
we're in this realm
where we're trading
like pogs
like examples of socially
socially non-conscientious
I think it's racist just that
cavemen can't be Chinese
why can't they be Chinese cavemen
I'm sure there were
yeah I don't
I mean
I don't know
if they were
it didn't sound
like that
you mean they didn't speak
English with a Chinese accent
like somebody told them
like you guys have to do this
Chinese thing
I'm sorry
Camille
and I don't want you
to think about the consequences
I'm going to
I'm going to give you
a suggestion
and I want you just to do it
without considering the fallout
this is the end of my career
yeah yeah
what would a Chinese caveman sound like
I think you did that great
we're both racist
there was a movie
but I can be racist
I'm allowed to be racist
no you've proven that
time and again
yeah yes
I make it look good
you know
it's more allowed
people that qualify as minority
are allowed to be
a little bit more
no I don't
I mean it's
Pakistani people are very very racist
which is a racist thing to say
white people are born racist
born racist
and I'm not saying this to
be glib
I have a friend who is Assyrian
and his
what you would call your
Pollock jokes
there are a certain
neighboring country
and I forget what it is
and that country's
Pollock joke is the Turkish
oh yeah
you just supplant
everybody's shitting on it
somebody else
the worst premise of all time
I grew up in Los Angeles
I didn't know any Polish people
if they were Polish
they were a fifth Polish
you know
but still on the playground
Polish jokes had traction
for some reason
yeah we had
we had our version of
Polish jokes
who is it
we call them Pathan
but it's basically the
ethnicity that
sort of lives in Afghanistan
and the area of Pakistan
bordering Afghanistan
and they're called what
we call them Pathan
so what's a Pathan joke
it would be like
how does a Pathan
tie his shoe laces
and it would be that
you know that thing
or
okay
it's a visual joke
make it podcast-friendly
how does a Pathan
he lifted his shoe halfway
and then reached down
because you're supposed to sit
he puts one shoe
in the chair
and then reaches down
to the other foot
but he can't reach it
because he's a Pathan
a dirty
dirty
famously unintelligent
cost the Pathan
Pathan sounds like
it sounds like
like a Star Wars
creature
that you would like
ride around
yeah I was too cold
so I killed a Pathan
and crawled inside him
what were those
what are those things called?
Tantans
we can't get away from this
hashtag
hashtag cancel Harmontown
I'd rather sleep
on a giant
wanton
than a filthy Pathan
I thought they smelled
bad on the outside
your groans are too late
you should have grown
to the beginning of the show
should have grown
to Empire Strikes Back
I don't know
smelled bad on the outside
I mean that was the perfect joke
for that situation
but I do
again I do
racist
we'll end this segment
which I'll call
let's talk about race again
on a positive note
I really do think it's like
I don't want to be just
knee-jerk and say
like oh I don't tell me
what to do
don't tell people what to say
blah blah
slippery slope
you'll find out for yourself
I'm 41
you can have this planet
fuck off
but
you'll find out
on your own
kids
but also
I think
if you want to clean up
the planet
and even if you just
want to clean up comedy
that's fucking good
but that's called being
a comedy snob
first thing you better do
is go watch
Four Seasons of Mr. Show
and then you should
like
I don't know
read some books
that make you laugh
or like
watch all the Woody Allen
movies I don't know
like
become a student
of fucking comedy
become
a millennial
Sid Caesar
and
start telling people
which jokes are funny
and which ones aren't
and let the
let the whole
you know the crutch
that is racial comedy
the hot button
you know because
if I had one leg
and I came out on stage
and I said
I gotta know
what you guys are thinking
something about my one leg
and they're like
I would learn
as a one-legged comic
to get
to I would have the choice
of like
there would be a temptation
where you belong to
the
minority in question
or not
like racial comedy
has a kind of like
you know it gets a reaction
out of people
because it's on our minds
and stuff like that
and there's intelligent
racial comedy
and there's lowbrow
and there's downright racist
racial comedy
and there's
everything in between
but if
if you want to
police comedy
like great
like here's your
here's your lightsaber
here's your robe
like here's your
blast shield
like what
you just took your first
you're not going to get
a lot of jokes for a while
like you gotta
because if you're starting
your comedy
analyzation career
being so dumb
that you think
that shows should be
cancelled
and it can be
on Twitter
then I bet
you're going to find out
that you don't
want your jokes to be
too much smarter
but how does like
where does that
if somebody
writes the
cancelled this
who started that thing
well the one
for
yeah it was
you started it
I got on the front row
raised your hand
I think for the
Colbert it was
lady
Sui Park
she's a Korean American woman
and she started it
satirically
no she didn't
I read an article
that she wrote today
right
yeah
yeah she
is not being
Sui Park
she's not being
can you not tell them apart
for the record Adam Goldberg
also racist
but accusing
accusing others of racism
let's say this is
yeah we all fall apart
which is a good thing
let's fall apart
let's deconstruct
interested in each other
and what makes us laugh
and what's appropriate
the way the internet works
and everybody wants
as many retweets
and likes
and you know
like they want as much
feedback as possible
like it's possible
people just do things
that are clearly going to
create energy
yeah
exactly
they're not really taking
any bold stance
they're just
well no that's the thing
that's the outrageous thing
no one's doing anything
they're not just
creating anything
they're just attacking
stuff that other people are
doing
you're not really doing
anything constructive
what
the thing I read
didn't make it seem like
she did it as a
satirical thing
she seemed very serious
about it
I'm calling her yesterday
because she's starting
a little bit
like racist in a different way
it's like a whole different
like Native American thing
what
but yeah she said
yeah
because the original
just about Native American
yeah it was
it wasn't a Native American
yeah she's like
I helped like
Indigenous people like this
and like
instead of saying like
yeah I did
take attention away from that
sorry
oh yeah
yeah
sure
all right
yeah she was saying
fine
she's saying like
hundreds of
like per hour
she's getting hundreds of
like rape and death threats
okay that is wrong
she shouldn't be getting
rape and death threats
but she did sort of
to start this thing
no I'm not saying
she asked for it
I'm not
oh god
it's the end of the segment
thank you
this show brought to you by
Chinese caveman
yeah
I can't be racist
but
misogyny
that goes well with this color
I wish there was
I wish there was some kind of
like machine
that could actually
measure genuine
offensiveness
you know
like actual
offense that a person
is actually taking
like because
like we have
it's become an exercise
Dino
Dino's tamatopolis
said that
society obviously peaked
with the invention of dessert
and that we were weird
because
because we were now
there was a part of your meal
that you were just like
I'm not hungry anymore
but
the thing that is
worst for me
and I think the dessert
of
culture
has become
I mean our culture
and parts of the world
where there again
there are parts of our country
fuck it
where there is actual racism
going on
but like we
sitting in our chairs
at our laptops
tweeting and hashtagging
this is intellectual dessert
talking about
what's offensive
to someone else
and what is that
I wish there was a way
to actually get out a yard stick
and really measure
like genuine
off the fence
yeah like you
like listen
you're only a two on
and I wish there was a different
word for
for peas and queues
like violations
that were technical violations
party fowls
if you will
is there some kind of word
for something that
absolutely isn't
even coming close
to hurting anybody
in any way
and yet
but you know
could be a valid topic
of conversation
if we want to be
such high minded
comedy snobs
and talk about
what's proper comedy
and not
because
that's the other thing
is like
well I mean
a woman who's
being tweeted
hundreds of thousands
of rape and death threats
that sounds
possibly distorted
like
like a hundred
I can't even picture
a hundred thousand
rape and death threats
like scrolling through them
but I'm
I'm certain
that
there's a lot of idiots
in the world
that
react
that are
having the same
unease
that I'm feeling
but are really terrible
people
like then
want to go like
I want to hit you in the face
with a rock
because
you're a bad person
and I'm a bad person
all this terrible shit
like
it is offensive
for somebody
to like
tweet at you
that they're going to
murder you
or
sexually assault you
to humble you
and put you back in your place
people think I created
Teen Wolf
and I'm getting
rape and death threats
people like that show
by the way
a lot of people
really like
Teen Wolf
congrats buddy
I'm sure it's a great show
if I go by
the vitriolic
praise
and
the superlative praise
and the vitriolic hate
that I get
as a wrong person
and now I've changed my bio
on Twitter
I did not create
Teen Wolf
now that people click on that
I just
I don't know how that came to be
but it's really
I just think that
I just think it should be
cancelled
I think the 1030 Monday
night slot should be
cleared of
racist television
and let
well Dan
let Rick and Morty
stand for
can I come clean a little bit
yeah
I actually did
create Teen Wolf
you finally figured out a way
to get my attention
and I
you have
my guarantee as a creator
of a television show
that you love and adore
that there will be no
Patons on it
it's no Chinese cavemen
I'm a racist
I want to be a Paton
it's a
it sounds so sci-fi
I like
give me one more
Paton joke
the Paton people will not be
denied their destiny
that it takes 10 of them
to change a light bulb
it'll be like
you know like
a Polish joke
like how does a
how does a Paton
no no no
I'm doing the joke
Camille just pulled out
a notebook
a standard
comedian's leather bound
joke book
just off the top of my head
no I mean
let me look
yeah I mean
I've been doing this shit for years
it's bombing
nobody knows what Patons are here
it's under P
yeah this is the Paton notebook
it's all
no it will be like
you know that joke
like how does a
how does a Paton
turn pages
it will be like
you know the
I don't have the manual dictionary for it
that's exactly
he's licking one finger
as if in preparation
to turn a page
while his other hand
deftly turns the pages
sans licked finger
see that's
that's like
that's interesting
because that also
I forget which Marx Brothers film
I think it's Harpo
or sugar
Harpo Marx is dealing bridge
Paton
and he licks
he has the deck in his left hand
and he licks his right thumb
but just deals with his left hand
there's a way to be high status
in that joke
and a way to be low status
yeah so this is
it's just the standard
but then also
for any of you old enough to have been around
when Dan Quayle was vice president
he inherited all Polish jokes
well he wrote a lot of new ones
is he he's Polish?
no no no
he just
he was just finally
we're like well
give the Polish people a break
we found an actual
we found an avatar
found a person who actually walks around
with a car door
so that if it gets hot
he can roll the window down
and he's our vice president
is it true that Dan Quayle
once tried to
spray graffiti on a chain link fence?
is that true?
yes
it was a chain link fence
he erected
with his own hammer
and nails
I saw him throwing
several of the nails away
he kept looking at them
and I said
why are you throwing
some of the nails away
and he said
the point is
facing the wrong side
the head's on the wrong side
please cross-reference
the earlier harm attempt
where Dan can't tell a joke
I don't know how to tell a joke
is that right?
have you heard the number
Dan tries to tell the duck joke?
I can't tell jokes either
I can't do street jokes
what's the duck joke?
oh I'll tell you
uh
there's a guy that walks
Dan Harmon can't tell jokes
I have the same problem
alright there's a guy that walks
Dan before you start
before you start
I'm not trying to ice you
like a field goal kicker right now
Camille
for those of you that are coming in
late to this party
Dan I want you to
you've told this joke a bunch of times
I want you to
non-ironically
tell it as straight and as simple
I'm going to
do a joke
just tell us the joke
just take it right across the goal
Dan Harmon
now presents the duck joke
okay so this guy goes to a whorehouse
and he goes to the
the matron of the
and he wants a whore
for money
and he says
I only have a dollar
but is that enough for a whore
and
you're distracting me with your
we'll be right back
for more Dan Harmon
tells the duck joke
the person says
the owner of the whorehouse says
the matron
the matron says
for a dollar
you get a duck
you get this duck
okay that's all you get
and he goes
okay and he takes it upstairs
and he comes back down later
and with the duck
and he gives the duck back
and he says
I had a wonderful time
it was a great duck
there was a great duck sex session
and he leaves
and he may mutter something about
man I gotta come back
because then he does the next day
it doesn't matter
that he said
there's so much unnecessary detail
I know but he
he does
and now
the shocking conclusion
of Dan Harmon
tells the duck joke
so he comes back
he comes back the next day
and he's got his dollar
he's all excited
he's like
yeah
I didn't even bother to bring more
because
and then
when I say conclusion
I mean
the conclusion
and he goes
I'll have
the duck please
and she gives him the duck
and he didn't
I fucked one thing up
he didn't give her a dollar yet
he just came
he just did that
he just came bounding in
and said
I'll have the duck please
and
the matron gives him the duck
he goes upstairs
he comes back down
and she says
that'll be seven dollars
and he goes
seven dollars
it only cost a dollar yesterday
and the prostitute matron says
yesterday's duck
fuck god damn it
it feels like
wait wait wait
shit shit shit shit
wait
fuck fuck fuck
hold on hold on hold on hold on
this is excruciating
it feels like you're coming up
with the joke
as you're telling it
and also learning the English language
he comes down
he gives back the duck
and she says
that'll be seven dollars
and he says
he says
this duck
this this
Skyrise TV comedy for a living
he says
okay okay I figured out how to word it
he hands the duck back
and he says
here's the duck back
he didn't give the duck back
because this is the next day
come out come out
he doesn't have the duck yet
what do you mean
he took it upstairs
he had sex with it
the second day
he did seven dollars
he paid the seven
no he didn't pay the seven
he's coming down with it
it's pay after
okay
it's one of those
pay afterward
whorehouses
go ahead
so he gives the duck back
the whole prostitution industry
is based on trust
so
there's only one door
to the
whorehouse
and it's a small town
and it's not worth it
like to try to
you'll be blacklisted from
no
like
the matrons talk to each other
yeah
if the whores don't have trust
what do they have
yeah
this is a time
this is a region of the country
and a time in our history
when prostitution
isn't like
it's not
it's not respectful to women
but it's also not like
as
like
frowned upon
as an industry
and therefore there is
oversight
okay so
so he brings the duck down
on the second day
this is a
he went upstairs with it
he brings it down
he gives it to the woman
this is only the second day
no no no
yeah yeah
there's only two days
I'm with you
he gives it back
and she says
that'll be seven dollars
and he says
that's seven times
as much as yesterday's duck
and she says
that duck
didn't have aids
that was Dan Harmon
let's have the duck down
a worth the wait production
you should have said
this duck
doesn't have aids
no but
why is it more expensive then
because it doesn't have aids
alright right right
you don't want to fuck
the aids duck
alright
you don't want to fuck
the aids duck
wait no so he says
this duck
I had to say that duck
okay
the joke goes like this
a guy goes to her house
okay so the guy
goes that duck didn't have aids
it was so cheap
now
and she goes
this duck doesn't have aids
he's like oh
okay I get it
a guy goes to her house
he says all I have is a dollar
what can I get
and she hands him a duck
and he goes a duck
and she goes
that's all you get for a dollar
he goes upstairs
he comes back down
and he goes
not bad
he goes back the next day
and he says
I'll take the duck again
so he goes up
fucks the duck
and she goes
that'll be five dollars
and he goes five dollars
it was a dollar yesterday
but this duck doesn't have aids
and he does want it
for four for five
and she goes
I need the duck
well congratulations
you're good at something silly
All right
creating
creating mercy
so just so you know
you can't tell a joke
Jay, J Pedisty and Jan described
half of us
three of the funniest people I know
cannot tell joke jokes
does it help
that
in my head
the whole time
all the characters were Asian
in this joke
what does that say about me
Racist.
No, they weren't like stereotypical Asian.
But you're saying that you're not going to tell straight jokes as well?
No, I can't do it. I think I'm doing a good job, but at the end nobody laughs.
And I just, then I have to like, I think.
I'd say like, the most nervous I think I ever get in the year is telling a joke.
And even doing that just now, which is a joke I know.
That was great, very, it's nerve-wracking.
It raises, like my heart rate goes up, my left hand starts to tingle.
Because if you say one wrong thing, you can fuck, that's the thing that fucks me up.
Like I end up like off-roading because I'm like, I'm trying not to drive wrong.
I get really nervous.
But you can bog down a miscellaneous and extraneous detail.
My favorite part I have to say is when you say, when the guy comes in for the first time
and he says, I want to buy a whore for money.
I think the for-money detail was probably...
Well, I wasn't, yeah. Also, matron, I liked, matron.
Matron was good. That was a great detail.
Did you mean madam?
Yeah, I guess, I meant madam.
But you're, I think that you're, like, there's, like, karaoke.
I did karaoke because karaoke makes me nervous.
I could go on stage, like, nude at the Hollywood Bowl.
But I don't think I'd be that nervous.
Karaoke gets me, like, I don't, I can't stand...
But you're really great at karaoke.
Well, I can sing, but I don't want those people to get up there and like, perform.
With a free hand, like flying around.
I hold the mic with both hands.
Well, I can sing, but, like, I don't, like, I don't, I don't feel comfortable
up on stage doing karaoke for some reason.
Okay, yeah, I don't do karaoke.
I'm not good at it. I can't do it.
But, like, stand up, I do, and I tell jokes.
But only if it's jokes I've written.
I can't do other people's songs or anything.
Tell somebody else's joke.
I'm kidding.
Okay, there's a guy who goes to the whorehouse
and there's only one door in the whorehouse.
The matron who's there.
And they say matron because English is not their first language.
So they're learning English as they're performing this transaction.
I also love when he came back the next day
and he did the whole thing.
$7, that's too much.
Oh, wait, no, okay. Forget that.
He just takes the duck.
And then he comes down.
And then it's $7.
I mean, that joke telling had so many gifts to give.
Although, even with our interruptions and interjections,
you told that joke half as long as you did the last time you told me.
Yeah, there was a guy on the Harmontown tour.
He had a t-shirt that he had made.
It's filled with text and it's me trying to tell the duck joke.
That's pretty good.
All right, let's do our medical corner.
Medical corner.
Okay.
All right.
You know, we haven't seen it in a long, long time
and haven't checked in on him.
And he has a dramatic update.
Our good friend, Seek Donnelly.
Seek, Seek for those who don't know is a multiple aneurysm survivor
who we established last time.
Because of his strange condition, his proclivity for something
that is catastrophic to anyone when it occurs randomly,
he has a proclivity for aneurysms.
And these doctors were cutting you a deal where they said,
well, because that's so weird, we'll give you free treatment.
But it's for our purposes.
It's for our studying and stuff like that.
And you've got your own neurologist as well.
But you were just telling me in the green room,
do you want to take it from there?
Well, sure, yeah.
So one of the things I lost that I think I said in previous shows
was my visual memory.
And so what that does is it cuts down on my short-term memory a lot
and it also makes it really hard.
I'm an artist, so it makes me really hard to create artwork.
So like the pieces I did for Harmontown,
where you guys are all Mega Man characters,
I actually had nosebleeds trying to create that art.
Those are wonderful.
Oh, thank you.
I had fun doing an indoor kids one with you and Emily.
And so it takes a lot out of me to create things.
But I don't like being told I can't do stuff.
So these doctors that I've been seeing for a couple of years now,
I had another coiling procedure done in November.
And since then, they've kind of laid off some of the tests
they normally do on me.
And in that time period where it was a longer period than I usually
have between tests, I started, at least I thought,
having some visual sense coming back.
So I had a dream one night.
And I haven't had a dream in a long time.
Haven't had a dream in a long time.
That's not how you sound.
Jeff, stop doing that.
I'm just saying he's stealing from Morris here.
Who?
Visual memory.
What is coiling?
Coiling is a procedure where they put,
it depends on where they feel the best is,
but sometimes they go up in your inner thigh
and they run a calf that are up your entire body.
What?
That's the fastest way to get there?
No, it's not the fact, but it's one of the options, yeah.
So either we could start up here or we could do the thigh.
We could do the thigh.
No, that was my option.
So I did that.
So they're writing up an artery or a vein or something like that?
Yeah, and then they go straight up.
Good heavens.
And then they put these coils into a kind of clip
and direct the aneurysms.
And to drain them sometimes too.
So they'll put them in and hold them in place.
So since I have multiple ones that keep growing,
they have to do this procedure more often than they do.
So if a new one comes up they go in and take care of it?
Yeah, well the last two times I didn't get one at a time.
I got like two or three.
So the last time I went in I got 14 coils put in.
And then they stay there?
Yeah, I mean for a while.
Over time some of them dissolve.
Yeah, so they ran these tests.
So I had this dream and then I was trying to explain the dream.
And they were like, well because I have trouble saying things visually,
I was having trouble explaining the dream, but I knew I had one.
So then they're like, oh, it's probably nothing, you know, whatever.
So I said, okay, so then in like a week or two later,
I could have sworn I had another dream.
And then I said, okay, now I'm starting to connect a really major dot here.
After my aneurysm there was a time when I was like writing and stuff again
that I would draw like doodle a little bit.
And then since then I've been under this program
and that whole time it's been really hard for me to draw.
And I felt neutered by the medication and the stuff they've been doing to me.
I felt like it was stopping me from creating.
So I basically told them, hey look, before we run any more tests,
I'd like some time off to see if I have more dreams,
if I get more visual sense.
And then so what ended up happening in that time off was I sculpted something.
I started writing a song. I started painting.
And I'm still having trouble with the visual sense.
It's still hard for me to do these things.
But the neat thing is that, or not the song so much,
but the neat thing is that I'm conquering it.
Like I'm beating, I think, whatever this wall was that I was hitting.
So recently I told those doctors like, hey, I appreciate all the help,
but I want out of this program.
And they're like, well, we advise against that because, you know,
because they paid for a lot of my medical treatment.
They're like, you know, you make no money at all.
And even less than a normal artist because none of my stuff sells
and it's all for charity.
Yeah, that's a terrible business plan for me.
I'm not making money. I'm donating.
Well, it's funny that my last two jobs have been marketing jobs
and I'm like, I don't know how to pay my own bills.
Why do you want me to pay your bills?
So I just like creating.
And I feel like that's my purpose.
So I've made the decision, well, even if this kills me,
not having you doctors around, I want to create this project.
So I started this project that was inspired by Harmontown
because this is the only, I listen to this podcast religiously.
I've seen, I've heard every episode like 10 or 20 times.
And I feel like this is my family.
This is my home.
These people who understand me, who don't judge me in a negative way.
And so, and who also helped me create art, like create those prints for you guys.
And so I wanted to, you know, do a big love letter to that
and the type of people we have come up here, like, like Jane, you know,
who, our earth shine friend, who, you know, who's,
he has some earth shine kit, follow him on Twitter.
He'll tell you about it.
And then we have like Levi and you have these people who are really great people
and they are in search for an identity.
And I feel like that's what I'm in search for because my memories of childhood are gone.
You know, like all my, I remember like up to about six, seven years ago.
And then, yeah.
You don't have any memories of when you were a kid?
I have some knowledge of them, but most of them are gone.
When you say there's no visual memory, you can't picture your elementary school.
You can't.
No, no.
Or my mom.
Or child, really?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So that's why me and my mom have such a weird relationship now
is because she always says, oh, don't you remember when you do this, don't you remember that?
And I, it breaks my heart every time to tell her that I don't
because then I see the look on her face.
Do you feel that now that it's kind of trickling back in like your visual sense
that maybe memories might come?
I'm hoping.
And that's why I want to explore it.
And like I said, it's, if anything's worth dying for, it's to find out who you are.
You know, so I said, well, okay, so I don't want to die.
I have my one neurologist, but everyone else, I'm like, you can all go away.
Like, let me explore this.
Let me see how deep this pool is.
That's amazing.
And were they barking at it because they saw you as an investment for their own research?
They put a lot of effort and money into you?
There's that, but then there's also like, they do care for my well-being.
They're doctors.
You know, they're trying to make me a better me, obviously, but I don't want to help now.
I want to find out who Seek is and I want to find out what kind of artist he is.
So, you know, I heard you talk to Katie at South by Southwest and she said,
oh, I'm trying to figure out what kind of artist I am.
I want to paint.
I want to draw.
I want to, you know, create music.
And you're like, do them all.
So I was like, you know what?
I'm going to do them all too.
And so I'm releasing a book called Alain Vitale, which is French for vital force.
And it's a book about the first robot that gets a soul.
And in order to prove that he has a soul, he creates a bunch of different art styles.
And so I'm creating the art styles like as the robot, obviously.
And so every page is different art style.
So I do purism, surrealism.
I do sculpting.
You know, I teach.
I choreograph a dance.
Like I'm literally doing every art style I can think of and putting it all in one book as a big love letter to art,
but also a big love letter to the people that inspired it, which is pretty much everyone that's ever heard or listened to or come to this show.
And you guys, obviously.
That's amazing.
But there's this sobering, chilling edge to the whole thing where you're gambling like, you know, this thing that we all sometimes take for granted, but also are imprisoned by, which is like your well-being.
You're already, you already have to deal with that being at risk all the time. And you've now made this decision that you're these guys that put coils up there and build levees and things and stuff.
You know, you're associating their tests and treatments and things with a mitigation of your true self.
And so you're just going to, like the guy in Into the Wild, kind of, you're going to go off and do the Alaska of not getting these coils anymore.
And there could be poison berries or there could be amazing buses that you get to live in.
I haven't seen that movie. Is that what happens?
Yeah, yeah. But it's the story of a guy who's just kind of like, he does it wrong, but he gets to live his life. And then he does die in the end.
Into the wild?
Yeah. But because you're crediting Harmontown with the inspiration for this decision, which I don't know if I would ever have the courage to make myself.
I want to make sure that I've had an equal shot at inspiring you to make the other decision too.
No.
You know, have you, have you, have you, do you have a neurologist in your life and you've got these crazy sci-fi scientists in your life?
Do you, do you have a, do you have a counselor of some kind in your life, somebody that you can talk to about this gigantic decision that's maybe a little more qualified than me?
I mean, not currently. I had, right when, after I had my, the first aneurysm rupture, I met with a psychologist and we talked out, you know, stuff.
And I know you guys were talking about that last week. So it was really cool to have someone to talk to, but I also suffered, like I said, some emotional damage from where the rupture happened.
So I'm also like the most robotic person to talk to at times. Like I, I feel happy and stuff. And I get that. And then there are times where I feel sad, but in the middle there, it's like, that's where it gets weird.
So, so that's why I wanted to write a book about a robot, because I'm like, I identify, you have people up here that identify when they're men, they identify as women and women who identify as men and vice versa.
But it's, I identify as not human, if that makes any sense. And, but I love humanity. Like I, I want to be a part of humanity so much that I'm willing to cut that tether, because I think that's what's going to make me rejoin humanity.
That's what's going to make me feel the most human before I, if I do die. And I don't know, I mean, I've been told twice now that, oh, you got this much time to live and I'm still here four years later.
And I feel like I'm doing okay, like I'm walking, I'm talking pretty good. So, I mean, I'm not saying doctors don't know anything. I have utmost respect for doctors are the reason I'm here.
But I, I think I have to just trust myself for once. And no, I have given it a lot of thought and I've talked about with a lot of friends, but ultimately it's my decision.
And, and I'm going to stand by it. I think it's the right one.
Absolutely. Of course. And we, I, when we stand by you, you're our friend. Thank you so much for.
So, when you say you don't have like the memories, is there, is it like you do stuff and then sometimes you don't remember you've done it?
Sometimes lately it's been happening a lot more.
So there's a chance you might not remember Dan's retelling of the duck joke.
Can I tell my favorite joke?
Yes, of course.
Yes. All right. It's real quick. I hate traveling. I think it's because my dad used to beat me with a globe.
You see, Dan?
Yeah.
That's good.
Thank you, Steve.
Thank you.
Thanks so much.
If I can plug it real quick.
Yeah, absolutely.
I was talking about along the towel, the Kickstarter starts tomorrow and I'm looking to raise $5,000 to make a limited 500 print run of it.
Cool.
So if anyone out there would like to donate, I would appreciate it.
Is it along like A-L-A-I-N?
E-L-A-N.
Oh, E-Line.
E-Line. Yeah.
Cool. All right. Thank you.
All right.
Holy smoke.
That guy asked to actually deal with one of the most offensive things in the world, which is our relationship with an unforgiving, unpredictable God.
That's, you know, hashtag cancel humanity.
Don't cancel God.
You're racist.
That's why, yeah, your problem with a joke at Colbert.
Yeah.
Like, I mean, the ice caps are melting you dicks.
Does anybody else in the room have, I don't know if it's sympathetic or empathetic pain where somebody describes an injury or an illness or whatever that you feel physically the thing.
Like, I have this thing where he talks about brain injury and my head starts hurting like crazy or someone says they had a friend that had a hernia like operation and my abdomen start hurting.
I don't know if anyone else has that was like, like he's up there and my head just starts, I don't get headaches that my head starts pounding during that.
Like, I don't know.
I don't know if I'm alone.
Applause? How many people have that?
Oh, good.
Okay.
Yeah.
If someone like, like, like has a knee injury, it's like, Oh, God, damn it.
Like, it was knee starts dangling.
Oh, yeah.
I can't watch shows where people get hurt, like, like Tosh or whatever.
And so there's people getting wrecked.
Like, I can't.
I like the idea of someone who's like that, but the terrible knowledge of anatomy.
So like, the wrong parts of there.
My appendix hurts.
Oh, my, my foot.
Is that a Patan joke?
You know it, buddy.
You're catching on.
Patan?
Is Duncan back there? Did he ever, did he ever show up?
Almost.
Okay.
Well, why don't we bring Spencer up?
Yeah.
Bounding.
I'm just sending off.
Hold on.
Okay.
Spencer, you said a very strange thing in the green room.
Suck my dick.
I mean, that's not very strange out of place.
Sure.
You said you often think about how much you would enjoy fighting a pack of coyote.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
No.
I have follow-up questions.
So also you live in L.A.
You can make this dream come true.
Oh, I know.
All you have to do is have a cat or a poodle.
Yeah.
I used to live in Moorpark, which was kind of like a farming town.
What?
Did somebody just root for Moorpark?
No.
Nobody's ever done that.
Yeah.
No.
Seriously.
Check it.
Look it up on Urban Dictionary.
It has an entry.
But there's a lot of farmland and stuff and you can go out and sometimes we go out hiking
just in the fields and stuff at night and you'd be able to hear coyotes or even just
not hiking.
Like in my bed, I'd be able to hear coyotes like all the time and you'd hear a lot of
them.
But like when we'd go on night hike, sometimes they'd sound really close and you'd be like,
look at it.
It sounds like six or seven.
I'd love to hike.
I'll probably be fine.
Now, when you picture yourself fighting a pack of coyotes, is it bare-handed?
Do you have a weapon of some sort?
Bare-handed.
I mean, the only thing I could ever imagine is like having a bag with me, like a backpack
that I'm hiking with because it's hiking.
So I'd like, you know, maybe swing, have to bag around.
But yeah, mostly bare-hand.
Do you think you could take a pack of coyotes?
I mean, how big we talk in Kumae?
How big of a pack?
Six or seven.
Yeah, definitely.
I kind of feel like they're very powerfully scavengers.
I mean, they're...
Oh, I'm talking about enraged, like, pissed off, like coyotes.
I don't know what's supposed to happen here.
Traveling down the roads of Moor Park, you stop when you hear a rustling.
The red gleaming eyes from the bushes are all the information you need to realize what's
on you, a pack of slightly chiming coyote.
So you have initiative.
You can take six or seven coyotes.
I can say this just by looking at you.
You're never flat-flittered against coyote.
Yeah, no, that's definitely a bonus I earned in my travels.
I think he could do it, but not because if the six coyote actually is the plural coyote.
Coyotes.
I think it's coyotes.
Coyotai.
Coyotes.
What are you...
You're somebody's Sam?
Coyotes.
I think that if all six of them had, like, a rage virus that made them, whatever, that
made them, like, physically endeavor as a unit of six coyote, I think my dog could take
me out.
What?
I could take your dog.
No way, man.
My dog...
I mean, these...
The thing about dogs is, like, all it takes is one blow to the throat.
I mean, sure.
So you've got to throw out your left arm, not your good arm, your left arm as a sacrifice,
but once it's clamped on, it's just a quick knee in the throat and you're done.
Wait, but Rottweilers and those guys, like, kill people, kill people all the time?
I hear a lot about people getting attacked and you literally never hear them going for
the throat, ever.
Well, because the stories aren't going to be like, the guy went for the throat and it
didn't work, because you can't even tell the pail, Spencer.
You hear about the flailing they do and that they hit it on the top of the head or they
try and unwedge the jaw.
That's not what you do.
You just go for the throat.
If they can't breathe, they're not going to be biting you.
Where did you read...
Where did you read this?
What is this information?
This is holistic knowledge.
I've cleaned in my everyday life.
What journal do you subscribe to?
Yeah, it's a dog throat attack monthly.
Harvard Medical Coyote Edition.
I'm just saying.
I mean, have you guys seen Coyotes?
They're main gene.
They're like maybe twice the size of a house cat.
They're not huge.
They're main gene-looking skinny things.
I don't think they really...
I've never seen them in really, what do I call, packs.
I've seen them travel around that would look like small nuclear families.
You see like mom and pop and maybe a kid.
Yeah, that's probably more likely.
And also, they're terrified of us.
Yeah.
But I mean, again, we're talking about that's out of the equation here.
So you're saying these are special coyotes?
I mean, they're just not going to be super timid.
That's what I'm saying.
He just wants to fight them.
So if they're timid, they're going to run away.
Yeah, that's not a fight.
But you wouldn't want to fight a wolf because a wolf will kick you.
No, no, sure.
I mean, I might be able to take one wolf, maybe.
Now, I say there's only one way to find out.
I don't think...
Let's bring out our wolf.
Spencer, we have great news.
Spencer, do you think you could take a pit bull or a rottweiler?
I don't because, I mean, honestly, if you're talking like a coyote versus a pit bull, like...
Well, I mean, that's a crazy huge difference.
That's what I'm saying.
I mean, there's a lot of dogs that I'd feel more confident, you know, fighting against.
Rottweilers and pit bulls probably aren't up there.
I mean...
What about 80 Sheetsu?
Yeah, see, this is the whole thing.
You can, when they're small enough, and I think you could pull this off with a coyote,
all you have to do is spin around kicking.
That's not easy to do.
It's very easy to do.
This is a street fighter.
It's not down-back kick.
It is quite literally down-back kick.
You just spin down and backwards while kicking.
How?
I mean, show us, please.
If somebody doesn't Instagram this right now, I'm going to kill all of us.
It is such a bummer that this is an audio podcast.
Goddamn it.
Because that is one of the best things I've ever seen.
Spencer did something between Jean-Claude Van Damme and Baryshnikov.
Pippi Longstocking, yeah.
I don't see any of those kicks doing major damage.
No, but you keep knocking them back.
You just got to keep going.
They would get you on the ground.
I mean, not shitzus.
Oh, no, not shitzus.
Honestly, you might have been born in the wrong era because there's a great book about the early New York,
the Five Points, and they made that terrible movie, Gangs of New York, about it.
But Luke Sant wrote a book called Low Life.
And someone likes that movie?
You're the person that wooed it at Moore Park?
That movie stinks because it's a bad history.
Maybe it's a fine movie, but it's not good history.
But there's a bunch of things, like entertainment back in the good old bad days of America.
There were things like rat baiting and bear baiting.
There was a thing called rat stomping where they would put a guy in a ring,
surrounded by a wooden pen, and they would put 100 or 200 rats in there.
And you had to stomp them because they would come attack you.
No, no, no, but is it like a sport?
You would bet rat or man.
So these weren't prisoners.
No, no, this is a bar.
This is a bar down, which is now the Bowery, and the Lower East Side of New York.
And there'd be bear baiting, and there'd be dogs versus bears,
and you would bet money on dogs for dogs or bear.
I wouldn't want to win.
I think that, Spencer, you might have taken to that rat stomping.
Well, you were talking about rat stomping.
You know those tiny monkeys that you see at the zoo?
The little tiny black ones.
Like really, inches tall.
Yeah, those are adorable.
The first time I saw those, I was just like, man, don't you just want to squish one?
Oh, see now?
Just stomp on it.
I feel like Spencer's learning to fly.
We're getting to the heart of the matter here.
So in your coyote fight fetish dreams, are you annihilating them?
Are you breaking their necks and ripping their hearts out?
No, no, I mean, well, you break a couple necks, sure.
But not, I mean, just time-wise.
You've got to fight it back without breaking a couple necks.
I imagine if you want to make a coyote, I'm like,
well, I mean, you've got to take it out of the fight, right?
Yeah.
If fighting a bunch of coyote, I think the first thing you do is you break the biggest one's neck
and send a message to the rest of you.
Well, yeah, again, this isn't assuming they're not just going to turn tail and run, obviously.
Well, that's the thing, if you're just spinning around circles,
you kick about half the coyotes, they freak out and leave.
Okay, how about you, Spencer?
I will say this, that move you did is a lot less threatening than you think it is.
It's not supposed to be threatening.
It's specifically designed to take on hordes of small dogs.
If I see a little dog and I see a guy doing that, I'm like, I got this.
There's no way, also, you know, like, dogs, like any dog bigger than a shih tzu or any canine,
their objective is to get you down on the ground.
And once that happens, you're in trouble.
Well, again, with coyotes, they're very light.
So if you have three or four coyotes on, you just jump right up.
All right, but you can't jump up when these things got you.
Yeah, buddy.
My dog loves me, and sometimes he gets me at a disadvantage.
What does that mean?
What?
That just sounds dangerous.
Well, I'm just saying, he's a golden doodle, but he's like a five-foot child.
He could grab me.
He would have the body mass of, like, six, five coyotes.
They have mouths full of little 32-caliber bullets.
Coyotes do?
That's why you throw out the left arm.
Yeah.
They could kill you, man.
Sometimes I lay in bed with this guy and I'm rubbing his belly in, and he's just like,
oh, and I look at his teeth, and I'm like, yeah, this fucker could kill me.
That's what koo-toe is.
Koo-toe goes bad.
I had a scar on my ass, so my left butt cheek, like a shark tooth, like a triangle.
That's your butt hole.
Is there poop coming out of it?
Is it right in the middle?
Yeah.
When you push the button and pull the chain, is that where the chocolate choo-choo train
comes out?
Because that's a butt hole.
Everyone has that scar.
It's not a scar.
Don't think of it that way.
I feel like...
It's fucked up.
Listen, it's not pretty, but that doesn't mean it's the scar.
It's not a wound.
It's actually, if anything, it's keeping you alive.
I feel like you guys are making a little too lightly of an actual injury that I have.
My neighbors, when I was a kid, we had the O'Sullivan to live next door, and there was 19
of them because they were Irish Catholic.
Erases!
No, there were fucking 19 O'Sullivans.
And anytime, Bill, Jeff, my brother and I, like anytime you guys want to come up and
take a swim in our pools, we didn't have a pool.
Anytime you guys want to walk up and have a swim, just make sure that their dog, the
two German shepherds, one was named Guinness.
I remember his name because I buried the scar on my chest.
I feel like you have, like, you've put racist memories in your childhood.
The Irish people's dog was named Guinness?
This is an actual fact.
Actually, my brother has a dog named...
We had a dog named Guinness because of that, because of that, too.
The other was Shalely.
Shalely?
Yeah, one was just called Drinking.
And...
And a parakeet named Famine.
Yeah.
Pote.
Too soon.
I mean, not funny enough?
I hope you're groaning that was a bad joke.
Not that I went too far.
I can't stop.
I think about him thinking that it's somebody thinking that I don't live this car.
And it's still making me laugh.
I know, like, I feel like he shut that down too fast.
Yeah, I thought so.
You and I were having a good time.
Just placating him about his scar.
Mom, I have bad news. I have a scar.
And it bleeds, but it's not blood.
Yes, my scar bleeds long brown blood.
You don't know how to make these jokes funny.
I'm trying to help your awesome premise, you guys.
We're doing it.
You're literally shitting over our awesome jokes.
Do your scar-y butthole.
Sometimes men come over to my apartment and fuck me in my scar.
You're not good at it.
What?
You can't make this one.
Okay, go ahead.
It's my scar.
That's maybe why you can't make it funny.
I don't know.
I'm just trying to help you with your bulletproof premise.
Long brown blood.
You've shown us that our premise maybe isn't so bulletproof.
Yeah.
Okay, go ahead. So you're there with the dogs.
The guys said the dogs would be locked up.
We got up there. The dogs were not locked up.
And there were two giant German shepherds.
And Guinness, of all people, comes running straight at me.
And I had like a little bathing suit on.
And I'm like, I'm defenseless.
I'm barefoot.
I'm sorry, long brown blood just got funny to me.
So gross.
Now?
Yeah, I don't know why.
It's like a wrestler for a really, really low-caliber wrestling federation.
There comes long brown blood.
He's going up against scorpion scissors.
Oh, long brown blood.
Long brown blood.
Go ahead.
So the dog's running at me and my brother.
But the dog picks me the smaller of the two.
I think that's good pack animal instincts.
Take the baby out.
I don't know, I was about six or something like that.
And I turned around and think, Heavens,
because he chopped me right where the essentials might have been.
And he took a piece out of my ass.
It took a big chunk.
That's the other thing, they go for your nuts.
That's what I was going to say.
Okay.
They go for your crotch.
Because that's dog height.
And it doesn't matter how much throat punching you use.
Well, no, you kick them right when they're in mid-jump.
They can't change direction.
Dude, there's more than one.
There's a lot of them.
Yeah, well, they don't all jump at the same time.
That'd be silly.
Right, because they don't want to get hurrican away by your kicks.
Yeah.
I trained under Trump.
Your flurry of feet that you have unleashed
was an unsuspecting pack.
You saw that flurry of feet.
I know you don't like doing requests,
but I'm the only one that's going to have a video of this.
Can you get up and demonstrate the...
I really don't like doing requests.
Come on, I'll do my Sean Connery impression.
If you do your circle kick.
We have to have it documented.
For science more than anything.
I'm going to cry while I do it, though.
Fine, all right, do it.
Whoo!
This is so long.
Oh.
That's how you fight off a pack of dogs.
I sold out.
By the way, this is the day that the podcast changed me.
I sold out!
How pissed would you be if that was the ending to the gray?
That's what he did at the end.
Oh, that should be it.
That'd be amazing.
That would have been amazing.
That's basically how Alice in Wonderland ended, right?
That's why they cut the ending out of the gray.
He kept teasing that crazy movie that he's got.
Spencer, it doesn't matter how many of them come at you.
I've got a special move on you.
What's it called?
The Meganeson.
The whirling Liam.
And then they're like, can you show us the whirling Liam?
No.
Dogs have to come at me in a certain...
I have to be in circles and they have to come at me one by one.
I'm perfectly counterclockwise.
Oops.
I spilled water everywhere.
That was so intimidated.
And thrown.
Spencer, I think I speak for all of us when I say we've missed you dearly, man.
Yes.
Is...no?
Okay.
You know, Duncan Trussell was threatening to drop in on us,
but it's also 9.30, so...
This show doesn't need him.
No, I know, but...
I have tears running down my face.
I cannot handle it.
Have you done that before?
Was there a time when you were in your room and you were like,
if dogs happen, I think I can do this?
Yeah, are you kidding?
Why do you think I had such confidence when I told you it's possible?
You don't just go into these situations half-cocked.
You prepare.
I also think if you're spinning around in a circle,
you're going to start, like, you know...
Oh, yeah, that's why, you know, 6 or 7.
No, but you said 80, whatever.
Cheetos.
What? Cheetos.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But again, at some point, you'd start stomping.
It'd be, you'd save energy.
It's self-defense.
These are bloodthirsty cheetos.
Yeah, so I could commit violence against animals.
What's wrong with that?
It's hypothetical.
Yeah.
If it helps, these dogs are all racist.
So...
And Polish.
And Polish patons.
Paton coyotes.
The dog...
You know what?
A paton coyote went into a bar.
And he's like,
this is how a paton coyote eats a...
eats a shih tzu.
I held the shih tzu with my paws,
put it over to the side.
It's Dan.
It's better they don't know.
Deconstructing the paton...
paton joke formula.
It seems like they just have bad spatial...
no death perception.
That is a big component of the paton joke.
A lot of them suffer from a genesis of the basal colosum
or the corpus colosum,
and they don't know where things are.
Yeah.
Fucking patons.
Can you do the joke that Siike did?
Which is one line?
Oh, well, my dad...
Oh, God.
Oh, dear God.
My dad was a globe manufacturer.
Oh, oh, God damn it.
Quick disclaimer, some kid wrote to me on Tumblr.
I think it was Tumblr.
I want to pull it up.
Last week's episode, you know,
I was in my cups, as Chevy calls it.
I was having fun.
When I'm talking about therapy and stuff
and how much I don't want to do it and blah, blah, blah,
and I'm all self-righteous and indignant and all that stuff,
I'm not in role model mode.
And I never want anybody emulating me
or taking anything I say seriously in that regard.
We apparently talk seek out of actual help.
Well, yeah, I mean, he was, like,
inspired by your show.
I go, well, don't say that.
God damn it.
Where's the...
I thought it was one of our Tumblr dealies.
Whatever.
It doesn't matter.
I guess I wanted to give the person, you know,
read them their own words,
but I don't think I can find them, so whatever.
It was a kid writing in and saying, you know,
I hope that, you know, because they said,
I need help from professionals,
and I hope that nobody interpreted your screed
as, like, being a recommendation against seeking help
from others as professional people and stuff like that.
Not only was I being ironic, like, in the end,
like, I self-deprecate and go, like,
of course the whole point of this is that I'm crazy.
I'm in denial.
Nobody needs therapy more than me,
and I like to have fun and say,
I don't need the therapy and therapists
are full of bullshit.
I mean, I'm not kidding either.
I'm expressing this indignation and like,
I'm being a child.
I'm sucking my thumb and having fun.
But I don't want any of you kids out there.
I don't want anybody that thinks that they need
to talk to somebody to think that they shouldn't,
my God, or that that's a bad choice.
That's so crazy.
You should see a shrink.
Going through a shrink is not going to hurt you at all
and could very well help you,
and I'm only making fun of myself by saying,
indignantly, that I don't need to go,
and I'm 41 and blah, blah, blah.
So I hope that that buys back any karma
that I may have tainted.
All right, back to being funny.
Also, races are good.
If I said anything and made you think your race is bad.
It's good.
It's a good way to know who to trust.
Yeah, I think, you know, look,
we all have our functions.
Germans are like the Swiss army knife of races.
What are the Swiss?
Sort of what I call them, the German shadow.
What are the Dutch?
The Dutch are the dykes of men.
That's tough but fair.
He's tough but fair.
The blue people are black.
El Salvadorans?
They love carrots.
But what are Peruvians famously afraid of?
Mosquitos.
But it's that fear that drives them.
It keeps them making bug zappers.
That's technically racist to say
that Peruvians make great bug zappers but they do.
El Salvadorans, what did you say?
El Salvadorans.
They're terrified of mosquitoes.
I said it.
You go down there.
You do mission work like I did.
I work with them.
I understand them and when you work with them
you learn to laugh at them.
It becomes okay.
I have carried an El Salvadoran child into the ocean
to drown him.
To show him mosquitoes.
Because that country has no extradition policy.
Oh my God.
There's been such great advice on this.
It's words to live by should be the title of the podcast.
That should be words to live by.
Or Longbrown.
Longbrown.
It should be called do as I say and as I do.
We've learned how to fight dogs.
Imitate me.
And the logo is just a fork going into an outlet.
Just a happy kid staring into a happy son.
Spencer, is this a thing that you've thought about
since you were a kid?
I really want to parse this.
I grew up listening to coyotes outside my window.
Is there going to be a time where they're going to be closer
than outside my window?
I don't know.
I definitely thought about it.
I used to hike a shit ton.
Again, we lived in farmlands and you'd just go
if you got a one mile anywhere, you'd be hiking.
You wouldn't just be walking on a street.
Think about stuff.
I used to fall asleep when I was a little kid in testin.
Behind the house was just hills.
There was nothing there.
Now it's totally developed.
It was just at night.
It was so cool.
We heard one last year.
We lived in Silver Lake.
We actually went out.
Emily loves animals.
It was fine that someone went and it was just a coyote out there.
I wish I'd known about the spin kick move.
What about that?
Is it a big ass mountain lion or a jaguar or some shit
that lives up in the Hollywood Hills?
Have you seen this shit?
There's Cougars there.
I'm so sorry.
Please take that out.
That's it.
Leave it.
Somebody put a motion sensor camera up
on the first Hollywood sign
and there's an awesome glamour shot of this giant mountain lion.
Is it a mountain lion?
It's fucking enormous.
It's a huge predator.
They just crossed the 134 freeway somehow.
I don't know how you get there.
Yeah.
I remember when we were kids,
we went to one of our vacations
or as we went to a different part of Pakistan
to go hiking.
We all day took us to get up this mountain,
meet my family and their friends.
No.
It's not.
We climbed the mountain by digging a hole.
Spatial jumps.
They can't do a damn thing the right way.
We finally got all the way up.
What is a Patan sandwich made of?
It's just two pieces of meat
with a bread in between.
That is what it is.
We really figured this out.
I saw
they wear glasses on their feet
and shoes on their head.
They just have airplanes for hats.
We climbed all the way up.
Took us all day.
As soon as we got up there,
it was like a very barren mountain.
We got there and it was just one tree
and under that tree
was just sitting a big fucking lion
looking right at us.
We all walked up,
saw this lion
and hiked back down.
Our whole day was going to be hanging out
on top of that mountain.
On Lion Ridge.
This mountain is taken.
What do you think, tough guy?
You got a little adventure.
Is there anything else we need to wrap up
before we go on a month-long break?
I don't actually hate animals.
This is hypothetical.
None of us think you're actually going to fight.
Everyone was disclaiming.
I feel like I should have done it too.
Don't let me jumpstart that.
There's nothing that you can say on this stage
that's so innocuous that someone's not going to
have a problem with it.
Now I want to make that clear.
That's a good example.
That back pedal, whatever you call that.
I was saying that because I love
people and I want them to be happy
and I don't want them to be in pain.
Then there's this other culture of
wow, that was offensive technically.
You put your elbow on the table of language
and it's like, I shouldn't have done that
because I know that that hurt someone.
I'm saying that's not...
It's like we blur the two
and go like, you should apologize.
I thought Natasha Legerro
was a non-apology for her...
That was great, huh?
Pearl Harbor joke.
I thought that was amazing.
Perfect.
That reigned in a new era for me of like,
what the fuck are we doing?
We made some joke in a New Year's Eve show
about like, it was just like...
Didn't we talk about this already?
It was like a really innocuous joke
mainly about like, Pearl Harbor veterans
being older or something. It was a very
innocuous joke, yeah.
I don't know, SpaghettiOs
was sponsoring the show and she said that's good
because it's the only food that the Pearl Harbor veterans...
I had no idea.
Redoing someone's joke
is not going to make it sound funny and blah blah blah
and it doesn't matter. No, we've proven that.
Yeah.
But her non-apology
like, blog
was great because she was like,
hello, so anyway,
I guess I'm supposed to apologize, but
you know, I'm not going to
because I don't really believe that the world's
greatest generation was in any way threatened
by my dumb joke about SpaghettiOs.
I really refuse to believe it.
I don't think Pearl Harbor got them down.
You know, if they survive
Pearl Harbor,
you can make it through my joke.
I think we apologize too much.
And you know why? Because the D&D day
stands for day.
I was wondering what D-day stands for.
It's day-day. That's the stupidest shit in the world.
D-day stands for
day-day.
I was like, what is D-day?
What is the D&D day? It's day.
Day-day. Like ATM machine?
Yeah, salsa sauce.
Or Sierra mountains.
Ah, right.
Or Glendale. Glendale, which means valley-valley.
Tautology,
I think they call it.
No? Is that right? I don't know.
Alright, fuck it.
Day-day. Fuck your language.
Fuck you Pearl Harbor assholes.
I'm sorry.
Spencer, can we dispense?
Do you...
While you unpack your gear...
Oh, are we continuing
the thing we were doing?
I hope so, yeah.
Did you hear Aaron's in Dragons?
Yeah, it was amazing.
I wish that she was here. I'd like her to DM me instead.
So much less work.
No, I'm kidding, I love it.
But, yeah, no, she was great.
It was great. I really like listening to it.
She was thinking of starting a podcast
where she does a terrible job of dungeon mastering
some kind of game.
And I think I was too much
of an asshole about warning her
that it was like, you know, there's some rules to the game.
Like, you should read some of the books.
Like, it's not just improv.
Well, that's the thing. Like, if I was just
making stuff up, this would be so much easier.
Yeah. But, you know, it's a lot harder
when you have to abide by rules and stuff.
No offense to Aaron. Like, I'm not saying she had any faults.
She didn't do anything wrong. She was great.
But...
I just wanted to disclaim it. I mean, no, she was great
because she did everything wrong. That's why it was great.
Like, she willfully neglects the rules.
I was in a blackout.
I don't remember.
Yeah, what did happen when you were doing the charity that day?
You were tight as Dick's Hat Band.
Yeah.
I don't... I don't...
What is that? A Dick's Hat Band?
You never heard that? It's an old expression.
That's weird, isn't it? I said, yeah, too.
I'm like, yeah.
That old chestnut.
Tight as a Dick's Hat Band.
Tight as Dick's Hat Band. That means you're drunk.
What?
Look it up. I don't know. Dick, like,
it's probably...
It's one of those idioms that nobody knows exactly why it is.
Privateized wear tight hats.
It's one of those idioms that I just made up 30 seconds ago.
Yeah, the night I heard...
I was pissed as a parrot.
I think it's great. I don't know if the parrot's got drunk, but...
I like that.
You know those wild parrots at Burbank?
Yeah.
Right outside, like, the building. I came out and I saw it
and I was like, what the...
What is going on? There's a bunch of parrots.
Spencer, how would you offend yourself?
Physically.
Well, first you clip their wings and then you do the spin kick.
No, it's spin punches. They're coming from the air.
Spin punches?
Spin punches. They're coming from the air.
I don't suppose we can see the spin punches.
I can't kick that high.
It looks the same, but I'm punching.
Yeah.
Imagine it's so amazing.
Imagine a flock of parrots attacking Spencer
and he's just going in a circle, punching left,
punching right, punching left.
What if parrots and coyotes teamed up
and came at you at once?
I mean, it's tough
because the whole spin kick thing
is you're punching behind you.
Oh, no!
I didn't catch that.
So you had a rear guard punch going on?
What's that guard?
It's more of a decoy that also flails.
You might smack something.
I didn't even notice that.
This is well-fought out.
This is not just bullshit.
You're like a magician, man.
You're distracting us with the
Yeah, we gotta see this.
Yeah, if they jump at my back,
they'll just get my arms.
I can swing them around for a knee.
Alright, Spencer, let's rejoin our campaign
in Dungeons and Dragons territory.
Oh, yeah, he's got his hands behind him.
Yeah.
It's better than getting your kidneys to bit.
Last time on Harmontown,
our heroes with the help
of a minotaur named Meredith
and her crazy ladder
had managed to climb out of their hole
and back into the frozen wastelands
of the north.
They sought the Tarragon of Virtue,
nestled upon the Floating Isle of Paradise,
which was elusive as it was utopian.
Mulraine jumped onto Coco
and began scouting out the nearby
landscape in all directions.
In the vast featureless tundra,
the ranger discovered a sack
covered in gnomish script
and brought it back to the group
while the gang puzzled and debated over the sack.
Mulraine took initiative
and leapt into the sack
and into an equally magical city.
The gang followed suit and soon they were met
with a gnome named Fizzbulb.
Christopher quickly
solved the gnome's riddle,
granting them access to the magical city.
But before the gang
could enjoy Bill Martigan's delights,
they were stricken
by agonizing pain,
a symptom of their bloody soul curses,
promises to slay Meredith,
their newfound ally.
But could the gang break their curses
or would they be forced to slay Meredith?
And who was
Bill Martigan?
And did he have anything to say about this?
We'll find out tonight
on an all new Harmontown Time.
Yay.
Alright, so we're all
feeling the agony
of the soul curse in our heads right now.
Yeah, you guys are still reeling from the massive pain
you just experienced.
It was in your head and then you felt a burning
in your soul and it was like, ah.
Is the gnome still with us?
Yeah, Fizzbulb.
Yeah, Fizzbulb, he's sitting on a toadstool.
He just gave you the riddle and you solved it.
He's sitting. Let's go to Bill Martigan's, right?
Yeah, we gotta get there.
Alright.
They have buffalo wings there that'll wipe you out.
I want hot lights.
A gnome appears in front of you.
I mean, he doesn't appear.
He leaps out of a bucket that he was in
and he introduces himself.
He says, my name is
Fizzbulb and I'm supposed to help you
get around the city.
How y'all doing today?
He comes out of a bucket?
Out of a bucket.
Am I?
I want to get high right now.
Welcome to Bill Martigan's, the city
that's everywhere.
Well, you know where...
Wait.
I'm Fizzbulb.
Do you work at Bill Martigan's?
I mean, I don't...
I have a job here, mostly I'm just...
In the bucket? No.
Sharpie, Sharpie, Bill Martigan's
everywhere. Okay.
We're Fizzbulb.
We're cursed.
We're cursed with a pain
that...
We were supposed to kill this minotaur, Meredith
over here and we didn't because we're good people
and now we're being punished.
We're being punished for this deal that we made
that we would die if we didn't destroy this person.
I'm behind on my mortgage.
You live in a fucking bucket.
Oh, I thought we were just revealing personal truths.
No.
How much is the mortgage on your bucket?
No, that's not my house.
It's a portal.
That's a portal? Yeah.
I stick my head in his bucket.
You pop your head out of a bucket in a bathroom.
It's a small bathroom.
You live in a bathroom?
No, that's just where I keep the bucket.
Wait, do you poop in the bucket?
No.
I use it for travel.
It would be great to poop in the bucket
and just send it to another dimension.
But that would come out right before you.
I pull my head out of the bucket and I look at
Whizball.
You live in a bathroom?
I have a bathroom in my house
where I keep a bucket.
Do you poop in that bucket?
I feel like my life is so much weirder
than I've always thought.
I
I poop my head in the bucket
and I look around for a toilet for confirmation
that this is not the actual toilet.
There's a toilet and there's a sink.
It's like a porcelain toilet.
You don't even understand.
I pop my head back out.
You just keep the portal to this other dimension
in your bathroom at your other crib?
Yeah.
Why do you keep it in the bathroom?
Because then if I have to get out of the house...
Is that why they call you Whizball?
No.
But that's very clever.
Well, it's not on me.
I mean, it seems like that's something
that might have occurred to you before.
No. I never thought my bucket
would be questioned to be quite honest.
Whizball, is there anybody
in Bill Mardigan's
great expanse that could help us
lift this curse from us?
Bill Mardigan's a place of wonder.
We got potion peddlers,
vape shops, barn grills,
Spitzwad's weird bungalow,
and of course the cigarette museum.
I go to Spitzbob's weird bungalow.
I make a beeline
for Spitzwad's...
I'll cover the cigarette museum.
I'm going to go
with that bucket.
Okay, so
Christopher emerges from the bucket
in a gnomish bathroom
while Quark heads over to...
How big is the bucket?
It's a magic bucket.
You can fit through it?
It's like Santa's chimney.
It's like that bag that you guys came through.
Yeah, okay.
I'm just throwing
things out there.
I pee in his toilet,
but I don't flush
because you know what they say,
if it's yellow, yellow, yellow,
if it's brown, let it drown.
I don't know what the hell it goes.
If it's brown, let it drown.
That's what my mother
said to me when I was born.
That's not true.
They were really hoping for a miracle.
I jump back out and I go,
are we all going to different things?
I'm going to Spitzbob's weird...
What's it called?
Weird bungalow.
I want to go to the weird bungalow too.
I was going to do a cigarette museum.
I'm taking Meredith with me.
There's a sign that says closed for renovation.
That's why I wanted to knock that one out first.
I pitch up to Spitzbob's weird bungalow.
You come up to
a shoddily constructed room.
It's a one-room flat.
It's got a very little...
It's got a big table with chains
on either end that's just kind of
dominating the center of the room.
And on that table
sitting on it like it were a chair
or something citable, I guess it is citable,
is a gnome
who you take to be
Spitzwad, especially because
he has a name tag that says it's such.
He's got a big
blue and orange beard, which is weird
even for gnomes.
He's sitting there.
He's like, hey, what's up?
I
heard about your bungalow.
And
look, my name is Quark.
I'm new here
at Bill Martigan's.
What's for sale
here at the bungalow?
I'm a curse breaker
and a healer son of a bitch.
Extraordinaire.
Nailed it.
I look at the bungalow.
I look at the guys.
I look over where I'm studying
the really complex cigarette museum hours.
I'm going to try to figure out Mondays and Tuesdays
except Wednesdays.
What?
I got a curse breaker in here.
Oh, shit.
Yeah.
I go in there too.
So what seems
to be the problem?
We have a soul curse on us
and we made a deal to kill off
this minotaur here, Meredith.
And we didn't want to because we took mercy.
Yeah, we befriended her.
And we feel like we're being punished unjustly.
She's a stand-up minotaur
with a weird ladder.
He waves his arms and pokes his eyes
with his hands and you see his eyes
kind of change color magically.
And he's like, true vision.
And he looks at you guys
and just like...
It's just like detective mode
is a Batman vision.
That's stuck in there pretty good.
Yeah, it is kind of like that.
Kind of. I never played that game, probably.
Is there any way to get these curses
unbroken or broken?
They're in there pretty tight.
It's going to cost a pretty penny.
Do you guys have any material wealth?
Hell yeah.
I don't see anything in my money.
You don't loot corpses after you kill them?
Oh, fuck.
For any spare time?
Holy shit.
Spice-wide full disclosure,
we've killed a lot of people.
That never occurred to us.
We're fucking broke right now.
We've killed a lot of people.
I'm poorest Job's turkey over here.
I killed a million, a million people.
We're doing the Patan's looting.
Yeah.
Which is we give them money.
We leave money in the corpses.
Yeah.
A Patan thief
dollar signs appear
in the corpses' eyes.
Wrong eyes.
I have a loot
of charming I'd be willing to part with.
I can't play the loot.
That's pretty cool, though.
I could use 70 cartons of cigarettes.
Oh, shit.
Do you know to sell cigarettes at the
cigarette museum?
Because usually at museums,
they don't sell the stuff that they...
Guys.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Private Powell.
First of all, let's remember
to loot corpses from now on.
Yeah.
That was a mistake.
We could have retired by now.
Yeah, because we're definitely going to leave
some more corpses in our wake.
But we should have found some treasure
now and then.
Hey, buddy.
What part of Private Powell?
We should have locked butthole.
Do you not understand? I can hear everything.
It's a small butthole.
I'll leave.
No, no, stay here.
No, no, no, stay.
Stay. Who gives a shit?
Dan, I'm sorry.
Sharpie, did you see...
You went over to the cigarette museum.
Was it open? It's closed for renovations.
It's an innovation being the key point.
They'll be expecting
men in white overalls
to be going in and out of there.
Okay.
How about maybe we see
if there's a store that sells cigarettes
before we...
We're not going to be able to loot any corpses
if we buy honest cigarettes.
We don't need to loot.
I mean, we could just trade maybe.
I could give up my goggles of night.
Is this why... Does anybody sell carton cigarettes
in Bill Martigan's?
Oh, probably. This place is full of cigarettes.
I don't know about 70 cartons, though.
It takes a long time to make money.
Okay, guys, let's just go around.
You guys make cigarettes?
If we need to, we can jump in the bucket
or back out the back.
Listen, they make cigarettes.
That's what Bill Martigan's does.
Well, yeah, it's the main export.
It's the city of smoking and riddles.
Hey, guys, I'm a gnome.
We love smoking and riddles.
But it seems fucked up to rob a museum
in the same town where you're buying curse breaks.
What?
How bad do you want these cigarettes?
I mean, how bad do you not want to die?
Okay.
He makes a good point, fellas.
70 cartons.
So your export is cigarettes.
You guys are basically like North Carolina.
What?
All right, fair enough.
Fair enough.
Guys, look.
My head is killing me.
I don't know about you guys,
but this whole curse has really taken its toll.
Let's not beat around the bush.
Let's just close museum.
You know, we're seasoned veterans
of lots of battles.
Let's just go in there, get these cigarettes,
pay the gun.
We'll get the soul's curse lifted.
We'll jump back through the sack
and we'll be back in our way.
We've been so afflicted about it
that we have to really keep it secret.
That seems weird.
We've committed so many weirder crimes.
We've killed our friends.
You've killed our friends.
I would like you to think back
on all of my behavior
throughout this campaign and realize that I...
Irrational?
Torrid asshole monsters
that try to leverage us.
Authority issues.
Yeah, so that's not the same as robbing us.
No museum.
Cigarette museum?
Well, they do. They aren't bad for you.
Yeah, we're getting rid of...
Cigarette museum?
That's not good for the kids.
But you think a museum is going to have
70 cartons of cigarettes?
What's this museum about?
Are there lots of cigarettes in there?
I reckon. Why do you ask?
You've never built?
Just because we really want to see what's...
We're just big fans.
You know it's closed for renovations.
Yeah. Is there a cigarette factory around?
I... You know...
There really ought to be.
I can't...
I can't think of one, but you can't imagine...
You're the city that has everything.
Yeah, you don't know.
I admit that.
You'd imagine that.
Guys, I think I see which side the bread is buttered on.
Let's just go to the museum.
I got a...
Can I get a sub-power out?
Okay. Spiswad.
Cover your ears.
I'll leave.
I got the old teleport cape.
You know what I'm saying?
It's like...
This is going to be a breeze.
Let's go get the spot in the alley
and teleport to inside the Cigarette Museum.
Can we all go in there?
I'll open the back door.
We could also...
How about this?
If we get that guy's bucket,
we could... You could teleport in with the bucket
and then we can climb through the bucket into the...
The bucket just leads to the guy's bathroom.
But if we move it from the guy's bathroom...
Although I don't know how you could carry the bucket
through itself.
If you get the...
I can teleport with the bucket into the museum
and then I can take a shit in that guy's bathroom
from the museum.
I don't know if this is going to help us.
I say it's worth a try.
I mean...
It's better to have a perfect crime.
It's better to have it not want than not have it.
I like the idea of bringing in a museum
just to take a shit in their toilet.
Different guys toilet.
Different guys...
Okay, let's...
I'm also... I'm going to keep talking like this.
Alright, alright, alright.
I got...
Do we have a bag of holding or something?
I could just pop in there
and I'll do this.
You go... We could go to one of the other spots
that's cool.
Yeah, we'll make a diversion. You go in there and do it.
We'll just...
Yeah, we'll create a diversion
that'll draw attention away from the
cigarette museum. Okay, cool.
Give me a bag of holding.
I got one. Okay.
Okay, great. Alright.
Hey, Spiswan!
We're going to get you 70 parts.
Are there any brands
you prefer?
Yeah.
Give me some Narrow Burrow
Pinks.
What is this, the Flintstones?
That was way too...
I got way too good of a reaction.
Narrow Burrow.
It's like a terrible Matt magazine.
Spiswan,
is there a famous commercial
for Narrow Burrow Pinks?
There would be, probably.
You'd think so, right?
Yeah.
You know, they have the famous Narrow Burrow
Nan, who's the...
Isn't it Narrow Burrow? No.
Narrow Burrow, no.
Alright.
I think we figured out the best version of that joke.
Let's move on.
Alright, come on.
I don't want a cliffhank before this heist.
Alright, no, no, no. Let's go.
So you do that, we're going to create a distraction.
Okay, we'll go outside
and if we see, we'll be lookouts.
If we come up and any 5-0 shows up,
we'll...
We should have some sort of signal
that we can signal you if you're in there like,
hey, there's 5-0.
What's the signal?
Don't we have...
Oh, I'll play my lute of charming.
I could sing...
I could sing Lady in Red.
Okay, if there's trouble,
we'll start singing Lady in Red really loud.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let's go to the cigarette museum.
Great song.
You do that. You're there.
Alright.
I go to a discreet spot
where I'm out of the view of the public
and I use the teleport cape
to teleport myself
through the wall of the museum.
You teleport into the museum,
you see several things are like
covered up and papered over
for the renovation, but you see
the biggest thing you see
culminating the room next to posters of cigarettes
and all sorts of
breakdowns of models of cigarettes
and diagrams. You see,
a giant bust of a gnome
composed entirely of cigarette butts.
Its eyes smolder
with smoke
and it seems to look at you
as you enter.
Bro, I think you just got fucked.
I...
disguise
myself.
As you're casting the words,
you notice it definitely
is looking at you. It turns
towards you. A massive amalgamation
of cigarettes and opens
its mouth and says,
I am Bill Martigan.
What do you in my
museum?
Lady in red!
Dancing with me
cheek to cheek.
Well,
I
am Sharpie Buttsalot.
Which is sort of
a good descriptor for what this person is.
A lot of butts.
Eat a lot of butts.
Yeah.
I am a human sorcerer
who has seen many adventures
and I am in your town because
I am afflicted
by an unfair curse
that
wants me to kill a friend
which I cannot
because in my world
friendship
and cigarettes
are the
foundation of life.
And
I came in here
to find cigarettes
that I could use
to pay
to have my curse lifted
and those cards are
on the table.
I'm not a good liar.
I don't think I could beat you in a fight.
You're made of cigarettes.
Even if I could.
I wouldn't want to.
Because even if you did
he wouldn't loot you.
Bad looting
full of my pockets and
I've never looted a single corpse in my life.
That should tell you something.
That's no excuse
for trespassing.
Even if you lack friendship and cigarettes
the two most important things
to me.
Sounds like there's some common ground.
You're absolutely right
and I didn't think that I was
I wasn't thinking of it as trespassing.
I was thinking of it as
I saw the sign that said
you're under renovation.
Yeah, it's a dangerous place. You might get hurt.
Yeah, and I actually
I've done a lot of carpentry
and things and so I
misinterpreted it with my tiny
non-cigarette brain
as meaning that you needed
help renovating in here.
And it was going to come in and help
so I could come in and see the
cigarettes sooner. I fucked up.
I'm admitting that.
So you are
lying.
We're outside.
He
his eyes seem to glow brighter
as if someone's taken a drag
from his eyes.
And then he opens his mouth and
smoke billows out into the room.
It swirls around you and consumes you
and choking acrid smog
it's hard to breathe but it doesn't
feel too bad. It feels smooth
and flavorful.
You have entered
Null World Country.
Can I get at least like a
label about this or explaining
what it is?
No.
Are we fighting?
Just wait.
What are we doing outside?
You guys are looking for guards.
We think we're kicking ass.
There's not very many guards.
I look at Chris de Burgh
and say this has taken too long.
You think something's bad?
It's 70 cards. I think it's going to take
a while.
Trust me, I think things are fine.
I'm
wearing my boots of spry springing.
Does that mean I could like leap out of the smoke?
You can.
Sure.
I say to the guy
hey listen, I'm wearing these boots of spry
springing and
I might leap out of the smoke.
Just really still
have an open dialogue with you
and
want to lose your trust
create a cycle of mistrust
by avoiding
this smoke but at the same time
you're not explaining the smoke.
I asked you
are you attacking me?
You said just wait.
I could take that two ways.
Okay, can we go
I think something is wrong.
There's a chance that he's probably getting angry.
You know what?
I say we go in there and help right now.
This has burst our way in, this has taken too long.
I'm going to go grab that P-bucket, that portal
just in case.
Go to the guy's bathroom.
That's a good getaway.
It's better to have.
I go grab the P-bucket
and I just burst with all my might
through the front door.
You burst with all your might
through the front door
and into the area where Sharpie
managed to pull himself into.
You see him, he's surrounded by smoke
but then he leaps out of it, right?
No, I started talking to the guy.
Then he's saying all these weird things.
You don't get what's going on.
It's very confusing.
There's a man made of cigarettes.
Don't think that now's the time
to injure into conflict.
While he's talking, I take the buckets
and I see the cigarette monster, right?
You don't attack the cigarette monster.
I just, I look.
I go instinctively.
I think what we could do.
I think we could wave the bucket around
and move all the smoke to that guy's bathroom.
I was just going to push him
into the bucket
and send him to the fucking bathroom.
I feel like...
Yeah, what if he doesn't want
to go to the bathroom?
Well, he'll be in the bucket.
I think we could talk to him.
I think we could talk to this guy.
That's not fight.
Okay, this...
guy.
Smoke pours through the guy's mouth
and is now kind of consuming
this whole room and smoke.
You guys are overcome with smooth flavor.
Hey, sense motive
on him, maybe?
No.
Hold on.
He's trying to get his flavor.
Um...
You think that he's, uh...
He doesn't seem hostile.
But he does seem overwhelmingly powerful.
All right.
I don't think a bucket is going to defeat this guy.
I light a torch and I throw it at him
to try to... No! No, please!
I intercept the torch.
Okay.
All right. I didn't throw. I had a cox.
I had a cox. And I go...
Quark! What?
Please, let's talk to this guy.
Is he attacking? Hey!
Who are you asking?
Cigarette, buddy.
I am Bill Mardigan.
Oh, it's Bill Mardigan!
Holy shit!
Dude, your name is everywhere.
I am everywhere.
Are you attacking our friend
or are things cold?
No. He's a true follower
of the curling smoke.
He enjoys both cigarettes and friendship.
Oh! Oh!
You almost said this guy.
No, no, no.
That's funny. You should say that.
It's very funny because I just lit this torch.
I like smooth flavors.
I smoke torches.
This is like a big, really hard-core cigarette.
Great.
All right. Hey, I love cigarettes also.
Then breathe in
the purifying smoke
of Narl Borough.
It's all right.
You sense motive on him.
Yeah, I mean, it's just welcoming us
to Narl Borough country.
He's gonna get killed by this guy.
No, no. He's a good guy.
You don't know. You just whip it in every three seconds.
It seems like he's... Okay.
You're gonna regret me not lighting this fire on fire.
This has happened a lot.
We've run into people who are our friends
and we end up fighting them. They're very powerful.
He's a cigarette monster.
I wouldn't put it past him to suppress research
about long-term effects of what's happening here.
But at the same time, in the short term,
I think he just wants us to be happy.
All right.
10-10 cliffhanger.
I deeply inhale the smoke.
And I say, fuck it.
You feel your curse being lifted.
Oh!
Oh, my God.
You guys got to try this.
I also deeply inhale.
I hadn't inhaled yet.
I know. You seem to be kind of resisting.
Oh, sorry. I was just...
I was talking. I assumed I was breathing the whole time.
I don't know.
The same happens to you.
Chris de Burgher's still possessed in general, though.
Oh, fuck right.
No.
Fuck the cigarette monster.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Fuck you, buddy.
We can go back to Spiswad and maybe get your curse lifted.
We can bring him some cigarettes.
I don't have a curse. I'm doing great.
No, you're...
But our curses are lifted, you guys.
We're so cursed for the time being.
We're good.
Meredith bursts in carrying a long ladder.
Uh-oh.
Hey, what's up?
We're good. We don't have to kill you now.
I'll put this away, then.
She leaves.
Cliffhanger!
Yay!
All right, gang.
Yeah.
If you're crazy, go get professional help.
If you're a race,
love yourself and each other.
If you're a comedy writer,
embrace the challenge
of writing non-offensive comedy.
If you...
If you love Harmontown,
we'll see you in May.
Yeah.
Thank you, Dustin Marshall.
Thank you, Meltdown.
Nerd, Melt.
And thank you, most of all, to the people that come here every week.
You guys are the best. We love you. We'll see you soon.
Thank you, Zach, the audio maniac.
We send you free on Sundays
to watch Game of Thrones in peace.
Oh, yeah.